A MISSION TO MISSIONS
We offer financial assistance, training, 
strategic partnership and spiritual encouragement 
to Colombian lead missions and churches.

---------------------------------------------------

With your prayers and financial support, 
we are reaching the lost and helping families 
thrive on the coasts of Colombia.

*botones*
affiliate ministries
faqs

---------------------------------------------------********

ABOUT US
La Costa Colombia exists to support and encourage Colombian churches 
and missions in the coastal cities of Barranquilla, Santa Marta and Buenaventura. 
We provide financial assistance, training and Bible study materials 
for local pastors and Christian leaders for the development of their local 
churches and missions.

*botones*
contact

---------------------------------------------------

HISTORY
Our very first work was a scholarship program that has seen over 60 graduates and presently 
helps support twelve students. Some of our first graduates began a sports ministry in their 
barrio which serves 150 children.

Presently La Costa Colombia has six congregations and two missions in its ministry network.

---------------------------------------------------

WHAT WE DO
We partner with four congregations in the cities of Barranquilla and Buenaventura. 
Three of these churches have missions of their own which focus on feeding and teaching children, 
support and teaching for young parents, community health and medical outreach.

In addition, we also make it a point to pray and encourage the local pastors. 
The team meets with pastors regularly online and we occasionally are able to take them 
on a retreat to provide rest, teaching and encouragement.

---------------

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
LA COST COLOMBIA


Jerry Sizemore
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Meet Pastor Jerry


Jerry came to La Costa Colombia with over 40 years of ministry experience. 
During those years he served as a youth minister in both rural 
Appalachia and urban Indianapolis, Indiana. He also served as an Associate 
Minister in Lexington, Kentucky and as a Senior Minister in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
From 1989 to 1998 Jerry worked as a Career Advisor with several companies. 
In 1998 he felt the call back to ministry and began a mission to Spanish speaking 
immigrants in Indianapolis. After five years Jerry accepted the call to be the Senior 
Minister at New Paradigm Christian Church where he still ministers.

Having grown up in a very missions minded household Jerry became passionate about world 
wide missions. When he met his wife, Vilma, in Barranquilla, Colombia he became very 
impressed with work his future wife had done as a single mother in starting and sustaining 
churches and missions in northern Colombia. Jerry saw a new door of opportunity being 
opened to him. While still working as Senior Minister of New Paradigm Christian Church Jerry 
began La Costa Colombia, a mission dedicated to supporting, encouraging and training 
local ministers and missionaries on the north and west coasts of Colombia.

Jerry graduated from Kentucky Christian University in 1979 with a major in Bible and a minor 
in Greek. He earned his Master of Arts degree in Practical Theology in 1989 
from Cincinnati Christian Seminary. Jerry is fluent in Spanish which helps greatly 
with his work in Colombia. Along with his work at New Paradigm Christian Church and 
La Costa Colombia Jerry serves on the standing and program committees of the Lake 
James School of Missions.


------

Dr. Thomas Brunsman, M.D.
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Fellow of the American Academy of Physicians

Meet Dr. Tom

Tom is the Chairman of the Board for LaCosta Colombia and the mission’s medical director. 
He is a family doctor practicing in Jamestown Ohio and has been in practice for over 30 years.

Tom brings a lot of missions experience to LaCosta, having been on multiple short term medical 
mission trips to Zimbabwe, Romania, Cambodia and, most recently, Colombia. He has been taught 
the importance of world evangelism since childhood, having grown up in a strong missions 
minded home. His parents took the family every year to the Lake James School of Missions, 
exposing their children to the veterans of cross cultural evangelism. Tom and his wife, Sandy, 
in turn took their children and still attend the annual gathering.

Tom has served in various leadership positions in his home church, First Church of Christ, 
Fairborn, and still teaches adult Sunday school.

Tom received his undergraduate degree at Milligan College and his medical degree from 
Wright State University. He is a fellow of the American Academy of Family Medicine.


------

Robert W. “Bob” Willsey
DIRECTOR

Meet Bob

Bob is a high school classmate of La Costa Colombia Executive Director Jerry L. Sizemore 
and a lifelong friend. Jerry and Bob’s friendship was started when they were swim teammates 
and furthered as their love for theatre and music gave them the opportunity to perform 
together first at school and later in ministry a New Paradigm Christian Church where Jerry 
was the lead pastor. Jerry was a co-officiant at Bob’s wedding to his wife Leslie in 1979.

Bob graduated from Indiana University in Bloomington, IN and went on to a career in 
insurance and investment advising. He is president and owner of Bison Creek Advisors, 
LLC, a Registered Investment Adviser in the State of Indiana, USA.

He also has always been civic and community minded, serving on the Perry Township School Board,
 The Friends of Garfield Park, Indianapolis, The Baxter YMCA Board, Youth Football League Board,
  Reach for Youth Board (Youth Counseling Agency) and currently serves on two town commissions
   in his hometown of Nashville, IN. Bob and Leslie split their time between their Nashville 
   home and their condo in Indianapolis and attend regularly Tabernacle Presbyterian Church in 
   Indy and Nashville UMC in Brown County…. with a little St. Agnes Catholic Parish sprinkled in….(Leslie is Catholic). Bob sings in both Tab and Nashville UMC choirs.

Bob and Leslie are proud of the work La Costa is doing and visited Colombia in 2022. 
They look forward to continuing to support this organization’s efforts for many years to come.


--------

William “Bill” J. Bruneau
DIRECTOR
BA Biblical Studies, MDiv (emphasis Pastoral Care/Counseling), Earlham College.

Meet Pastor Bill

Bill Bruneau began his professional career in the automotive industry with General Motors 
as a supervisor. In 1977 he began his ministry as an itinerate minister, serving various 
congregations until 1980, all the while continuing his job at General Motors. In 1980 Bill 
resigned his job at G.M. and began full time ministry in a variety of capacities. Bill was 
an itinerate evangelis, a street minister, a local Pastor and has done extensive missionary 
work in Jamaica, India and now Colombia.

Bill is well known in the Christian music world because of his work in Richmond, 
Indiana organizing concerts which drew thousands of people to hear the gospel of Christ. 
Bill is also a broadcaster and worked in radio and television ministry for 17 years.

Presently, Bill is the minister of Gaston Main Street Christian Church in Gaston, Indiana. 
Since Bill came to Gaston the church, which was viewed by many as dying, has seen significant 
growth and vitality. This congregation serves as an example to other rural or small town 
churches of the power of gospel preaching and loving one’s neighbor.

Bill serves as a Director on the La Costa Colombia Board and has also participated in 
several mission trips. He is deeply loved by the folks who he serves in Colombia.

Bill has been married to his lovely wife Bobbie for 53 years.

--------------------------------------

DIRECTORS OF AFFILIATE MINISTRIES

Rogelio Torres Florina
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF CASA FIRME

Elida Camargo Espisita
DIRECTOR OF COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER, CASA FIRME

Meet Pastor Roger
Roger is the Pastor of the Casa Firme (Firm House) Christian Chruch and the Director of the Casa Firme Foundation. 
He is also the in country representative of La Costa Colombia. Roger partnered with La Costa Colombia and 
New Paradigm Christian Church in Indianapois to start the Casa Firme congregation in 2017. Today over 60 people 
worship together on Sundays, there is a youth church of over 20 young people, and outreach to children that feeds 165 
children five days a week, a community heath center that teaches nutrition, hygiene and family health, and a coninuing 
education ministry which helps adults learn accounting, computer programming and more.

Casa Firme also hosts the medical missions of FAME (Fellowship of Associates of Medical Evangeism) and La Costa Colombia 
which occur once or twice every year. Usually over 450 people are attended by medical personnel from both 
The United States and Colombia. 

Roger’s Story

Rogelio Torres was on a very destructive trajectory as a young man. Addicted to drugs and living a life on the streets, 
he had an encounter with God and was miraculously delivered from any addiction to dugs or alcahol. The change in Roger 
was so profound some people literally did not rcognize him. Out of a grateful heart he dedicated himself to God’s service. 
Not long after he met his lovely wife Elida at a church function and they embarked on a wonderful adventure serving the Lord.

Meet Elida

Elida Camargo Espisita is the wife of Rogelio Torres Florian, the Pastor of Casa Firme congregation and the Director of 
Casa Firme Foundation.

Elida is the Director of the newly established Community Health Center. This center is providing education on nutrition, 
family health, marital relationships and soon will be offering continuing education classes and a program entitled Gardening 
God’s way which will teach folks to grow nutritious food in their own back yards.


----------------

Harold Diaz
DIRECTOR OF CONTINUING EDUCATION,
CASA FIRME COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER EDUCATION PROGRAM

Erica Diaz.
DIRECTOR OF CONTINUING EDUCATION,
CASA FIRME COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER EDUCATION PROGRAM

Meet Harold and Erica

They are the new Directors of the continuing education program in the Community Health Center of the Casa Firme Foundation.

Subjects offered include household finance, computer programming and web design, graphic art, 
English as a New Language, music, the law and you, and bookkeeping. Graduates of La Costa Colombia’s 
scholarship program will provide most of the teaching.


----------------

Carlos Gomez
DIRECTOR OF FUNDEPCAR

Meet Carlos

Carlos Gomez came to the attention of Jerry Sizemore at a very young age. When Jerry first began to visit his future wife, 
Vilma, Carlos and his brother Joge and Gerardo would always approach him at church with very polite greetings and conversation. 
Jerry was impressed by these boys over the next couple of years and began to follow their lives.

One day the shocking news came to Jerry that the boys’ father had been assassinated right in front of their eyes in their very house. 
Jerry could not help but think of the scripture from James 1:27 “Religion that God our Father accepts as pure and faultless is this: 
to look after orphans and widows in their distress and to keep oneself from being polluted by the world.”

That moment was the beginning of what would become the La Costa Colombia scholarship program. All three of those boys eventually 
were part of the scholarship program. Carlos was one of the first six graduates.

Wanting to give back to the community in some way, five of the original scholarship recipients began a sports ministry to 
children in the Las Flores barrio. That ministry has expolded and presently 170 children and youth participate in soccer, 
volleyball, basketball and swimming. Two of the soccer players have gone on to be professional players. The ministry has 
gotten the attention of local businesses who help with financial sponsorships and Carlos and his team are being asked to 
expand their work in five other barrios.

Recently, the ministry has gotten the attention of some sports ministries in the United States. La Costa Colombia is serving 
as an agent to represent FUNDEPCAR here in the States. Hopefully one of these ministries will soon become a strategic partner 
of La Costa Colombia working to help Carlos and his team.


-------------

Josefina DeAvila
DIRECTOR OF MAHANAIM, CAMPAMENTO DE DIOS

Meet Pastora Josefina
Josefina DeAvila is a native of Barranquilla, Colombia, but her husband Narciso was a native of Buenaventura, 
Colombia on the Pacific coast. Narciso felt a strong call to minister to his home community after his conversion 
to Christ in Barranquilla. So, he and Josefina moved to Buenaventura and literally built a church with their hands. 
The ministry flourished under Narciso’s leadership and had a membership of over 100 people. Sadly, in 2017 Narciso 
contracted spinal meningitis and succumbed to the illness on March 12 of 2017. But the congregation wanted to continue 
and pleaded with Josefina to fill the role of Pastora.

Josefina and the people of the church have begun a ministry to children and to women. The children’s ministry teaches 
about 50 children every Saturday. The women’s ministry helps women such as Josefina, who are in need of a network of assistance.

The church has undergone some ups and downs but presently is thriving again under Josefina’s leadership. She asks God 
to call a man to be the pastor of the church, but until that happens she leads as she can, asking elders of the congregation 
to preach, as she feels it is not her calling.

Josefina has two daughters, Laura and Maura. Laura is in the La Costa Colombia scholarship program studying nursing. 
Her long term goal is to become a Medical Doctor and minister with her mother.



------------------------------------------------------******************


PARTNER WITH US

*codigo QR*

Once you click donate or scan, you will be take to STRIPE, an online payment gateway.
 All payments are secure and handled by STRIPE. Your payment details such as card number 
 are safe and NOT stored with us or on the website.

A payment receipt is automatically made for your financial records and documentation.

La Costa Colombia is a 501 (c) (3) charitable organization and all contributions are tax 
deductible.


----------

HOW DONATIONS ARE USED
There is so much that can be done on the coasts of Colombia with very little money. 
We have claculated that if we had at least $5,500 per month, we could easily fund:

Six ministry family salaries
Two retreats per year
Five days a week of feeding 165 children
The whole scholarship program
Supplies and equipment for ministry partners
A benevolence fund for emergencies


----------

PARTNERS AND AFFILIATE MINISTRIES
Thank you for your support, encouragement and prayers. 
May the Lord richly bless you and refresh you as you refresh others.

FAME

FAME, which stands for Fellowship of Associates of Medical Evangelism, was the very first 
ministry to partner with La Costa Colombia in Barranquilla. FAME conducts medical mission 
trips around the world but had never really had a presence in South America.

So, in 2019 La Costa Colombia and our affiliate ministry Casa Firme hosted a FAME medical 
mission trip. The trip was a resounding success and three other trips have been conducted. 
in 2020, 2021 and 2022 with a future trip planned for October of 2023.

Along with the medical mission trips, FAME has also conducted CHE training in the Community 
Health Center at Casa Firme. CHE stands for Community Health Evangelism and teaches practical 
health principles and uses the lessons to also teach the love of God in Christ.

FAME has further helped in expanding the ministry of Casa Firme by partnering with La Costa 
Colombia to provide the funds to purchase the property for the congregation and the Community 
Health Center.

La Costa Colombia contributed $12,000.00 and FAME contributed $19,000.00, while Casa Firme 
provided the rest. All monies were given to the Casa Firme Foundation and the foundation is 
the owner of the property.

----------

IDES

IDES which stands for International Disaster and Emrgency Service provides assistance world 
wide in both disasters and in ongoing emergency situations. One such emergency is hunger.

IDES helps missions establlish feeding ministries which are also used for evangelism and 
community education. In 2022 IDES began to partner with La Costa Colombia to expand 
the Casa Firme feeding ministry from 2 to 5 days a week. This grant lasts 6 months and 
could be renewed for an additional 6 months.

But the idea is for La Costa Colombia and Casa Firme to be diligent about raising funds 
during this time to continue the work. Please be in prayer with us for this effort.

--------

AGRISTEWARDS

Agristewards is an agricultural outreach that teaches people in many regions of the world 
how to maximize yields using available, land and organic materials. Agritewrds teaches 
responsible farming and has helped people to become self reliant and even begin a business 
selling their crops.
Along with the agricultural education, Agristewards teaches about the love of Jesus and 
uses an approach to discipleship also used by FAME and La Costa Colombia, which emphasizes 
direct Bible reading in small groups which duplicate as they grow. Agristewards has their 
first trip to Barranquilla planned for August of 2023.


-------

ENTER MISSION

Entermission, a subsidiary ministry of the International Conference on Missions, 
is a gap year ministry for young people who have graduated from High School but are 
not yet sure where they feel the Lord is leading them for further education and work. 
The year gives them great Bible education and a three month practical experience on a 
mission field.
Entermission sent a group to Barranquilla to live and work with Casa Firme in January of 2023. 
This group will end their time at Casa Frime in April of 2023. Roger Torres, Minister and 
Executive Director at Casa Firme, has been very impressed with the spiritual maturity of the 
group and plans are being made to host more groups in the future.


-----------------------------------------------------------*********************


MINISTRIES PAGE

SUPPORTED MINISTRIES
La Costa Colombia is a helping mission focused on assisting and developing indigenous missions on the coastal cities of Colombia. 
We partner with churches and foundations with whom we share essential doctrinal agreement to provide training and development to 
local missions and churches, scholarships for Christian youth, and medical missions in partnership with FAME.

Our ministry helps support them financially and provides spiritual oversight. Through our ministry partners we are able to help 
with all of those works.

Ministry focused families on the coasts of Colombia are waiting to be maximized to reach the lost.


*boton DONATE*


------

*logo casa firme*

In the Las Flores barrio of Barranquilla a small church is having big impact. 
Casa Firme is the name of the congregation pastored by Rogelio Torres and his wife Elida.

Casa Firme only began three years ago but this group of about 80 Christians has started a 
children’s ministry in their neighborhood that feeds and teaches 160 children.

The children always receive a nutritious meal and a Bible lesson accompanied by songs and 
lots of loving attention. Mothers often stay and watch and Elida Camargo, Roger Torres’ wife, 
has developed a ministry to those young mothers. La Costa Colombia provides half the funds 
for the feeding ministry and Casa Firme gives from their meager means for the other half.

The ministry has been feeding twice a week for the last couple of years. But a recent grant 
from our ministry partner IDES has enabled us to expand that ministry temporarily to 5 days a 
week. When that grant runs out at the end of the year, it is our hope to have raised enough 
support to continue the feedings for 5 days a week.

Your support in whatever amount will have a meaningful impact in that effort. You can visit 
the Facebook (Meta) page of Casa Firme by clicking here.

*boton support the mission*

-----------

*logo construyendo Casa Firme*

SCHOLARSHIP FUND
This scholarship provides funds for expenses not covered by grants provided by the Colombian 
government. Often the students use their scholarship money for books, clothing, and 
transportation.

La Costa Colombia in partnership with New Paradigm Christian Church in Indianapolis 
oversees a scholarship for Christian students who are members of one of our network 
congregations.
To date 62 students have gone through the scholarship program. These young people have 
become teachers, coaches, dentists, attorneys, and engineers. The majority have chosen 
to stay in their neighborhood and help to bring improvements there. They are a wonderful 
blessing the local ministries.

*boton Support the mission*

----------

*logo fundepcar*

The sports ministry is designed to give young people healthy activities while teaching 
them the love of Jesus Christ. Fathers and mothers of the children being served volunteer 
their time to coach, referee, transport, and act as equipment managers. This has provided 
additional ministry opportunity.



FUNDEPCAR stands for Sports Foundation of the Caribbean. This ministry that began with just 
one boys’ soccer team has grown to include boys’ and girls’ teams of soccer, volleyball, 
and basketball serving more than 90 young people each week. Soon businesses and one company 
is presently organizing an opportunity for FUNDEPCAR to be expanded to five other barrios in 
Barranquilla.

None of the five young people who direct this ministry presently receive any pay for their 
time. Also, fathers and mothers of the participating children being served volunteer their 
time to coach, referee, transport, and act as equipment managers. That has provided additional 
ministry opportunities.

In 2015 five students in our scholarship program decided to begin a sports ministry 
for the Las Flores neighborhood. Las Flores has about 15,000 residents and is a hotbed of 
narcotics and human trafficking as well as gang activity. The sprots ministry is designed 
to give young people healthy activities while teaching them the love of Jesus Christ.

----------

*logo fame*

MEDICAL MISSIONS
In partnership with FAME (Fellowship of Associates of Medical Evangelism) La Costa Colombia 
organizes one medical mission trip every year.  This has been a very fruitful enterprise and 
we expect to expand to other cities soon!

We conduct 4 days of clinics in two barrios in Barranquilla . In 2020 we were able to finish 
the week just before the lockdown of airports.

During the mission 5 local churches and two local missions participated alongside FAME staff. 
The group included 11 Colombian medical doctors and 1 North American medical doctor, 2 North 
American nurses and 9 Colombian nurses. 3 Colombian interpreters volunteered their time along 
with 20 people working in various service roles, 3 cooks, 1 attorney and 2 psychologists.

If you are interested in going on our next trip please go to the FAME website at fameworld.org 
to see about dates, costs and to sign up.

Medical and non-medical personnel are encouraged to participate in this trip. There is a great 
deal of work and everyone will find themselves to be useful.

The aspect of this work that is particularly satisfying is the level of participation from 
Colombian medical professionals. They have expressed gratitude for having the opportunity to 
serve their fellow Colombians in this way. The medical school at the Universidad del Atlántico 
sends students to assist the doctors and nurses. This collaboration has been very fruitful 
and we expect to expand to other cities soon.

*support the mission*

-------

*foto harold y erica*

COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER
In the Spring of 2022 FAME, La Costa Colombia and Casa Firme pooled resources and purchased 
the property that the Casa Firme congregation uses as a church and also for the feeding 
ministry. Additionally, the adjacent property was purchased to be used as the Community 
Health Center. Even though we still hope to do significant renovations to the property, 
the Community Health Center is able to function out of the house that sits on the front 
of the property. The continuing education ministry also operates out of these two properties.
Our dream is to clean up the back lot of the property and build a shelter, expand the 
kitchen and create space for a garden.

FAME is teaching CHE (community health education) principles and operated with the CHE 
philosophy. Local medical and social work professionals are already expressing a desire 
to participate.


*boton support the mission*

--------

*logo iglesia mahanaim buenaventura*

Iglesia Mahanaim
Mahanaim has about 50 church members and conducts a weekly outreach to the children of 
the barrio which has 80 children attending. La Costa Colombia supports Josefina and also 
provides scholarships for some of their young people. Our hope is to expand our support to 
their children’s outreach.

The Hebrew word mahanaim means God’s camp. That is exactly what you will find in the 
Pacific coast city of Buenaventura, a spiritual encampment of Christians faithfully 
serving in what is known to be one of the most dangerous cities in Colombia. This ministry 
was the dream of Narciso Minota.

As a antive of Buenaventura he desperately wanted to share what he had found in Christ 
with his city. He and his wife, Josefina, came to the city wit virtually nothing and 
built a church little by little. Narciso actually did most of the work on their physical 
facilty which is big enough for 100 attendees.

Unfortunately, in 2017 Narciso contracted spinal meningitis and never recovered, 
passing from this earth to be with the Lord. However, the church did not want his 
work to stop. So they asked his widow, Josefina to be their Executive Pastor which 
she has done since her husband’s death.

*boton support the mission*

---------

*logo fraternidad palabra thema*

PALABRA RHEMA
Palabra Rhema, which means word of declaration, is a very new work that has seen some 
difficulties, as most new works do

Lead by Pastor Calixto Gomez and his wife Angelica, Palabra Rhema is now a restart. 
Along with the pastors there are six faithful members who want to see a new and significant 
work begin in the neighborhood surrounding the municipal soccer stadium. Their hope is to 
emulate what is happening at Casa Firme where there is a church but also an outreach to 
children, youth and a Community Health Center. La Costa Colombia hopes to be able to 
encourage, support and participate in this vision.

Having come out of a drug infused violent background, Pastor Calixto has a very 
compelling testimony and a deep passion for at risk children and youth. His wife, 
Angelica, has a powerful testimony of her own. A prayer warrior, Angelica never ceased 
to pray for her husband during the darkest years of his battle with drugs. 
Calixto attributes his recovery to the Lord answering her prayers and intervening in his life.



al funal de la pagina 


Ministry focused families on the coasts of Colombia are waiting to be maximized 
to reach the lost.